Every time you go online, you leave
digital footprints.
Without good cyber hygiene, those
footprints can lead cyber criminals
straight to your personal information.
Cyber hygiene refers to best practices
that help keep your online accounts,
devices, and data secure.
It's like personal hygiene. Neglect it and
you invite trouble.
But practice it and you stay protected. So
what does it take to practice
good cyber hygiene? First, always enable
multi-factor
authentication, or MFA. This adds an extra
layer of security,
making it harder for hackers to get in.
Even if a hacker guesses your password,
they won't be able to get past that second
layer of protection.
Next, strong passwords matter. A good
password is at least
16 characters long and completely random.
Avoid using predictable
passwords or reusing passwords across
accounts. A password manager
can help you generate and store secure
passwords easily.
Another key habit? Keep your software and
devices updated.
Updates do more than add new features.
They fix security holes that hackers
love to exploit. And don't forget to
backup your data.
If malware ever locks you out of your
files, having a backup ensures you
won't lose important data. Good cyber
hygiene helps keep your devices running
smoothly, prevents cyber threats, and
helps keep your accounts safe.
When hackers can't crack your accounts,
they move on to easier targets.
Keeping up with all this sounds like a
hassle, right?
That's where Keeper Password Manager comes
in. Keeper helps you generate and
store strong passwords, manage sensitive
data, and secure your online world.
Don't leave your online security to
chance. Start your free trial of Keeper
today and make cyber hygiene easy. Keeper
safe.